NMS-15753: Allow meta-data and SCV access for VMware credentials (#6315)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/service-assurance/monitors/VmwareCimMonitor.adoc

This monitor requires hosts be imported with Provisiond and the VMware import.
{page-component-title} requires network access to VMware vCenter server and each of the monitored hosts.
The credentials for accessing the status of a VMware entity are collected from the responsible VMware vCenter using the settings from `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/vmware-config.xml`.

> NOTE: Meta-data expressions can also be used in the username and password attributes of the `vmware-config.xml` configuration file. This allows the user to also reference credentials stored in the secure credentials vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Metadata expressions can also be used in the username and password attributes of the `vmware-config.xml` configuration file. 
This allows the user to also reference credentials stored in the secure credentials vault.
```
